A finished cake is often enhanced by covering it with icing, or frosting, and toppings such as sprinkles, which are also known as "jimmies" in certain parts of the United States and "hundreds and thousands" in the United Kingdom. 
Although clear examples of the difference between cake and bread are easy to find, the precise classification has always been elusive. 
Basic decorating tips include open star, closed star, basketweave, round, drop flower, leaf, multi, petal, and specialty tips.
Beyond these classifications, cakes can be classified based on their appropriate accompaniment (such as coffee cake) and contents (such as fruitcake or flourless chocolate cake).
Butter cakes, including the pound cake and devil's food cake, rely on the combination of butter, eggs, and sometimes baking powder or bicarbonate of soda to provide both lift and a moist texture.
Cake is a form of bread or bread-like food. 
Cake is often the dessert of choice for meals at ceremonial occasions, particularly weddings, anniversaries, and birthdays. 
Cake making is no longer a complicated procedure; while at one time considerable labor went into cake making (particularly the whisking of egg foams), baking equipment and directions have been simplified that even the most amateur cook may bake a cake.
Cakes are broadly divided into several categories, based primarily on ingredients and cooking techniques.
Cakes are frequently described according to their physical form. 
Cakes are often filled with fruit preserves or dessert sauces (like pastry cream), iced with buttercream or other icings, and decorated with marzipan, piped borders or candied fruit.
Cakes for special occasions, such as wedding cakes, are traditionally rich fruit cakes or occasionally Madeira cakes (also known as whisked or fatless sponge), that are covered with marzipan and either iced using royal icing or sugarpaste. 
Cakes may be classified according to the occasion for which they are intended. 
Cakes may be small and intended for individual consumption. 
Cheesecakes are also very old, with evidence of honey-sweetened cakes dating back to ancient Greece.
Cheesecakes are in fact custard pies, with a filling made mostly of some form of cheese (often cream cheese, mascarpone, ricotta or the like), and have very little flour added, although a flour-based or graham cracker crust may be used. 
Cheesecakes, despite their name, aren't really cakes at all. 
Commercial bakeries tend to use lard for the fat, and often whip the lard to introduce air bubbles. 
Determining whether a given food should be classified as bread, cake, or pastry can be difficult.
Early cakes in England were also essentially bread: the most obvious differences between a "cake" and "bread" were the round, flat shape of the cakes, and the cooking method, which turned cakes over once while cooking, while bread was left upright throughout the baking process.
Flavorful ingredients like fruit purees, nuts, dried or candied fruit, or extracts are often added, and numerous substitutions for the primary ingredients are possible. 
Floral sugarcraft or wired sugar flowers are an important part of cake decoration. 
For example, banana bread may be properly considered either a quick bread or a cake.
For example, wedding cakes, birthday cakes, Christmas cakes and Passover plava (a type of sponge cake sometimes made with matzo meal) are all identified primarily according to the celebration they are intended to accompany. 
Frosting is usually made from powdered (icing) sugar, sometimes a fat of some sort, milk or cream, and often flavorings such as vanilla extract or cocoa powder. 
Highly decorated sponge cakes with lavish toppings are sometimes called gateau; the French word for cake.
Home bakers either use lard, butter, margarine or some combination thereof. 
However, if cake flour is called for, a substitute can be made by replacing a small percentage of all-purpose flour with cornstarch or removing two tablespoons from each cup of all-purpose flour.
In ancient Rome, basic bread dough was sometimes enriched with butter, eggs, and honey, which produced a sweet and cake-like baked good.
In its modern forms, it is typically a sweet and enriched baked dessert. 
In its oldest forms, cakes were normally fried breads or cheesecakes, and normally had a disk shape. 
In the late 20th century, new cake decorating products became available to the public. 
It is strongly bleached, and compared to all-purpose flour, cake flour tends to result in cakes with a lighter, less dense texture. 
Larger cakes may be made with the intention of being sliced and served as part of a meal or social function.
Latin poet Ovid refers to the birthday of him and his brother with party and cake in his first book of exile, Tristia.
Modern cake, especially layer cakes, normally contain a combination of flour, sugar, eggs, and butter or oil, with some varieties also requiring liquid (typically milk or water) and leavening agents (such as yeast or baking powder). 
Particular types of cake may be associated with particular festivals, such as stollen or chocolate log (at Christmas), babka and simnel cake (at Easter), or mooncake.
Royal icing, marzipan (or a less sweet version, known as almond paste), fondant icing (also known as sugarpaste) and buttercream are used as covering icings and to create decorations. 
Some decorators use a rolled fondant icing. 
Some recipes explicitly specify or permit all-purpose flour, notably where a firmer or denser cake texture is desired.
Some varieties of cake are widely available in the form of cake mixes, wherein some of the ingredients (usually flour, sugar, flavoring, baking powder, and sometimes some form of fat) are premixed, and the cook needs add only a few extra ingredients, usually eggs, water, and sometimes vegetable oil or butter. 
Special cake flour with a high starch-to-gluten ratio is made from fine-textured, soft, low-protein wheat. 
Special tools are needed for more complex cake decorating, such as piping bags or syringes, and various piping tips. 
Sponge cakes are thought to be the first of the non-yeast-based cakes and rely primarily on trapped air in a protein matrix (generally of beaten eggs) to provide leavening, sometimes with a bit of baking powder or other chemical leaven added as insurance. 
Sponge cakes, leavened with beaten eggs, originated during the Renaissance, possibly in Spain.
Sprinkles are small firm pieces of sugar and oils that are colored with food coloring. 
Such cakes are often very traditional in form, and include such pastries as babka and stollen.
Such cakes include the Italian/Jewish pan di Spagna and the French Génoise. 
The Ancient Roman marriage ritual of confarreatio originated in the sharing of a cake.
The bag or syringe is partially filled with icing which is sometimes colored. 
The cutting of a wedding cake constitutes a social ceremony in some cultures. 
The Greeks invented beer as a leavener, frying fritters in olive oil, and cheesecakes using goat's milk.
The term "cake" has a long history. 
The word itself is of Viking origin, from the Old Norse word "kaka".
There are countless cake recipes; some are bread-like, some rich and elaborate, and many are centuries old. 
There has been a long tradition of decorating an iced cake at Christmas time; other cakes associated with Christmas include chocolate log and mince pies.
Therefore, it is frequently specified or preferred in cakes meant to be soft, light, and or bright white, such as angel food cake. 
These include several specialized sprinkles and even methods to print pictures and transfer the image onto a cake.
They are finished with piped borders (made with royal icing) and adorned with a piped message, wired sugar flowers, hand-formed fondant flowers, marzipan fruit, piped flowers, or crystallized fruits or flowers such as grapes or violets.
This makes the icing light and spreadable. 
To use a piping bag or syringe, a piping tip is attached to the bag or syringe using a coupler. 
Using different piping tips and various techniques, a cake decorator can make many different designs. 
While the diversity of represented styles is limited, cake mixes do provide an easy and readily available homemade option for cooks who are not accomplished bakers.
Yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
"Yeast" cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast "cakes" are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
" yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast " cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
'Yeast' cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast 'cakes' are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
' yeast cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
Yeast ' cakes are the oldest and are very similar to yeast breads. 
I'm a cake.
+ - && || ! ( ) { } [ ] ^ " ~ * ? : \.




